# Manage fragments {#concept_r3h_c1y_5db .concept}

## What are fragments? {#section_q45_f1y_5db .section}

When you upload an object in the multipart upload mode, the object is divided into several parts, which are stored as fragments in OSS. After you upload all the fragments to the OSS server, you can call CompleteMultipartUpload to combine the parts into a complete object.

**Note:** 

-   Fragments are also generated when you transfer objects by using OSS management tools that support multipart upload or download.
-   You can call CompleteMultipartUpload to combine the fragments into a complete object. For more information on how to use MultipartUpload, see [Introduction](../../../../intl.en-US/API Reference/Multipart upload operations/Introduction.md#).
-   You can regularly clear unnecessary fragments by setting the lifecycle management. It is used to clear the fragments for which CompleteMultipartUpload is not complete for a long term in the bucket to reduce the consumption of space. For the detailed procedure, see [Set lifecycle](intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/Set lifecycle.md#).
-   A fragment cannot be read before it is combined with other fragments into an object. To delete a bucket, you must delete the objects and fragments stored in the bucket first. Fragments are mainly generated by multipart upload tasks. For more information, see [Introduction](../../../../intl.en-US/API Reference/Multipart upload operations/Introduction.md#).

## Procedures {#section_tf2_lcy_5db .section}

1.  Log on to the [OSS console](https://oss.console.aliyun.com/).
2.  In the left-side bucket list, click the name of the target bucket to open the overview page of the bucket.
3.  Click the **Files** tab.
4.  Click the **Fragments** to open the Fragments page.
5.  Delete the part files.
    -   To delete all the part files in a bucket, click **Delete All**.
    -   To delete some of the part files in a bucket, select or search for the expected part files and click **Delete**.
6.  In the dialog box that appears, click **OK**.

